AeroChain Bag Tracking
Introduction
AeroChain Bag Tracking is a blockchain-based project that aims to revolutionize baggage tracking and luggage management in the airline industry. By leveraging the power of blockchain technology, we provide a decentralized and transparent system that enhances the security, traceability, and efficiency of baggage handling.

Features
Baggage Tracking: Our system enables real-time tracking of luggage from the moment it is checked in until it reaches its final destination. Passengers and airlines can easily locate and monitor the status of their bags throughout the journey.

Secure and Immutable: By utilizing blockchain technology, we ensure that all baggage-related data, such as check-in records, transfers, and delivery, are securely stored and tamper-proof. This enhances trust and eliminates the risk of data manipulation.

Efficient Baggage Management: Our solution streamlines the baggage handling process, reducing errors and delays. Airlines can easily manage and update the status of each bag, improving operational efficiency and customer satisfaction.

Smart Contracts: We employ smart contracts to automate and enforce predefined rules and conditions for baggage handling. This ensures transparency and accountability in the interactions between passengers, airlines, and other stakeholders.

User-Friendly Interface: Our user-friendly interface allows passengers to easily track their luggage using a web-based application. Airlines can also access the system to manage baggage-related operations efficiently.

Requirements
To run AeroChain Bag Tracking, you need the following:

Node Package Manager (npm)
Truffle
Ganache
Web3.js
Metamask
Solidity
Installation
To set up AeroChain Bag Tracking, follow these steps:

Clone the repository:

bash
Copy code
git clone https://github.com/Nishu2903/AeroChain.git
Install the Truffle developer tools:

Copy code
npm install -g truffle
Install the required packages:

bash
Copy code
cd AeroChain
npm install
Running Truffle
Truffle provides a local blockchain environment for development and offers tools for compiling smart contracts, migrating them to the local blockchain, and running tests.

Start the local Ethereum blockchain:

Copy code
truffle develop
Inside the Truffle developer console, compile the smart contracts:

python
Copy code
compile
Migrate the smart contracts to the local Truffle blockchain:

Copy code
migrate
Running Tests
To run tests, follow these steps:

Start the Truffle developer tools in one terminal window:

Copy code
truffle develop
In another terminal window within the same directory, run the following command:

arduino
Copy code
npm run bridge
Finally, run the tests:

bash
Copy code
npm test
Running the D-App
To run the AeroChain Bag Tracking D-App, perform the following steps:

Run React using the following command:

arduino
Copy code
npm run start
Open your web browser and go to http://localhost:3000.

The D-App should be displayed.

Create a login to access the bag tracking features.

Track or locate your luggage using the provided functionality.

If you are an airline, you can add luggage, send luggage, and receive luggage through the D-App.

Contributing
We welcome contributions from the open-source community to enhance and improve AeroChain Bag Tracking. To contribute, please follow these guidelines:

Fork the repository and create a new branch for your feature or bug fix.

Make your changes while adhering to the project's coding conventions and best practices.

Write
